Rebrand RoF to Auto Tiering (#2662)
RedisLabs/redislabs-docs: content/rs/references/cli-utilities/crdb-cli/crdb/create.md

| oss-cluster                                                                           | true<br/>false (*default*)                               | Activates [OSS cluster API]({{< relref "/rs/clusters/optimize/oss-cluster-api" >}})                                                                                                                                |
| shard-key-regex \<regex_rule\>                                                       | string                                          | If clustering is enabled, this defines a regex rule (also known as a [hashing policy]({{< relref "/rs/databases/durability-ha/clustering#custom-hashing-policy" >}})) that determines which keys are located in each shard (defaults to `{u'regex': u'.*\\{(?<tag>.*)\\}.*'}, {u'regex': u'(?<tag>.*)'} `) |
| bigstore                                                                              | true <br/> <br/> false (*default*)                        | If true, the database uses Auto Tiering to add flash memory to the database                                                                                                                                                |

> | bigstore-ram-size \<size\>                                                           | size in bytes, kilobytes (KB), or gigabytes (GB) | Maximum RAM limit for the Auto Tiering database                                                                                                                                                                            |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| bigstore-ram-size \<size\>                                                           | size in bytes, kilobytes (KB), or gigabytes (GB) | Maximum RAM limit for  databases with Auto Tiering enabled                                                                                                                                                                           |
```
